.github: improve pull request template (#4147)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Description

_Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to the maintainers why we should accept this pull request.
If it fixes a bug or resolves a feature request, be sure to link to that issue._

> ## Type of change

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add examples of good release notes? In kubernetes/kubernetes, contributors have access to the following [document](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/guide/release-notes.md#applying-a-release-note) with release note examples. I think this could improve the overall quality of the changelogs.

Author: Good point! I think we can potentially align with k/k recommendations and link to the same document. In addition it would be good to check what tooling they are using to generate release notes from the PRs as it may solve our problem too.

Author: Added few examples in PR template comment. After some investigation into how release notes are gathered in k/k I think it isn't a good fit for a smaller repo like prometheus-operator. Especially note categorization (feature, enhancement, etc.) is the thing that would be problematic if we adopted the same scheme as k/k.

> _What type of changes does your code introduce to Appium? Put an `x` in the box that apply._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_What type of changes does your code introduce to the Prometheus operator? Put an `x` in the box that apply._
```

Author: And now everyone knows where I have taken this from :smile:

- [ ] `CHANGE` (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] `FEATURE` (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] `BUGFIX` (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] `ENHANCEMENT` (non-breaking change which improves existing functionality)

> - [ ] `NONE` (if none of the other choices apply. Example tooling, build system, CI, docs, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] `NONE` (if none of the other choices apply. Example, tooling, build system, CI, docs, etc.)
```
